Pnuts 1.0rc1 License Agreement

SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. THROUGH NIHON SUN MICROSYSTEMS K.K. ("SUN") WILL
LICENSE THIS SOFTWARE IN BINARY AND SOURCE CODE FORM (ÅgSOFTWAREÅh) AND THE
ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION TO YOU ("LICENSEE") ONLY ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF ALL
THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW. READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT
CAREFULLY BEFORE SELECTING THE "AGREE" BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE. BY
SELECTING THE "AGREE" BUTTON, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THIS
AGREEMENT, SELECT THE "DISAGREE" BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE AND THE
INSTALLATION/ DOWNLOADING PROCESS WILL NOT CONTINUE. YOUR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE
INDICATES YOUR ASSENT TO BE BOUND BY THE LICENSE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW.

Sun grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free right to download, install,
compile, use, copy and distribute this Software, modify or otherwise create
derivative works from the Software (each, a "Modification") and distribute any
Modification to its customers with a license agreement containing these terms.

Licensee shall, in a prominently visible way, retain a statement that the
Modification satisfies the specifications of Pnuts API and Pnuts Script
Language as of the date of its distribution as provided for at
http://javacenter.sun.co.jp/pnuts/ in a Modification for distribution.
Licensee is prohibited from distributing a Modification which does not satisfy
the specifications of Pnuts API and Pnuts Script Language without prior
written consent by Sun.  Pnuts API means classes or interfaces whose name
begin with "pnuts" in Java class library included in the Software and/or the
Modification.  The specifications of Pnuts API and Pnuts Script Language may
be modified without prior notice.  Licensee agrees (i) not to introduce any
modifications which will be harmful to the functions of Pnuts API and Pnuts
Script Language, other users and their systems; and (ii) where a Modification
is made to parts of the source code related to Pnuts API of the Software, to
promptly notify Sun, at the e-mail address below, of an accurate specification
in source code form of the Modification, so as to enable free use by all
licensed users and Sun.

        Notice to Sun: pnuts-admin@Japan.Sun.COM

The Software is copyrighted by Sun and Licensee shall retain and reproduce all
copyright and other notices presently on the Software. As between Sun and
Licensee, Sun is the sole owner of all rights in and to the Software other
than the limited rights granted to Licensee herein; Licensee will own its
Modifications, expressly subject to Sun's continuing ownership of the
Software.  Licensee agrees that Sun may reproduce, modify, disseminate and
otherwise use the Modification as part of the Software at no cost to Sun or
its licensed users, and to authorize others to do so.  Sun may, at its sole
discretion, decide whether or not to incorporate any part of the Modification
into the Software.  Licensee will, at its expense, defend and indemnify Sun
and its licensors from and against any third party claims, including costs and
reasonable attorneys' fees, and be wholly responsible for any liabilities
arising out of or related to Licensee's development, use or distribution of
the Software or Modifications.

THE SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT WILL SUN BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES OR ANY INDIRECT,
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.

This Agreement is made under, shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with California law and controlling U.S. federal law, excluding choice of law
rules.

